nervous adrian resisted his experimental
urge and made grilled scallops with
pancetta in a beurre blanc
you can't cut the scallop in there
because your shell is wobbly and
everywhere think of the customer your
scallop is quite delicious
saying that the problem should be light
this has too much vinegar its aggressive
it's the right idea
just that final execution not quite
right
thank you the sweetness of the scallops
and the saltiness of that bacon is
absolutely perfect not a million miles
away will his second more experimental
dish of pan-seared scallops with carrot
and ginger puree and black pudding
reached the perfection required
presentation-wise plate maybe a bit too
big there's a lot of whites going on
here isn't there ginger black pudding
they are two ingredients that I would
never in my wildest dreams put together
they do not belong on the same plate
the gingers too powerful for that black
pudding maybe what experiment in a
competition again I like experimenting
with flavors he'll never change